devil:The Duke University Blue Devil originally came from a nickname, “diables bleus” given to chasseurs alpins, an elite mountain warfare infantry unit that gained recognition during World War I for their skills.
giles:Giles opened in 1928 just shortly after Trinity College became Duke University. The building is named in honor of three sisters (Mary, Theresa, and Persis Giles). The Giles sisters were the first women to earn undergraduate and graduate degrees from Trinity College.
abele:Abele Quad encompasses the green expanse from the residential dorms and the Brodhead Center to the Chapel and the academic buildings. The lawn hosts various community events such as the annual Old Duke and LDOC concerts, the UNC game bonfire, the Springternational Fair, and various philanthropic functions.
guide:Duke Tour Guides are a sect of Admissions Ambassadors responsible for leading almost 40,000 visitors annually around our beautiful campus. Your commitment is at least one hour and fifteen minute tour per week, 3 general body meetings per semester, and the occasional large group tour.
lilly:The building now known as Lilly Library opened in 1927 as the first library built for the fledgling Duke University. For more than four decades, it served as the Woman’s College Library. It became the East Campus Library when the Woman’s College merged with Trinity College in 1972. In 1993 the building was partially renovated and renamed Lilly Library in recognition of a gift from Ruth Lilly. Since then it has served as the primary academic support space for first-year students at Duke.
gross:Built in 1968 as a chemistry research and teaching building to replace "old chemistry" on the west quad, Gross Hall was converted to other uses in 2014, after completion of French Family Science Center. It currently houses the Social Science Research Institute, Duke Energy Initiative, Rhodes Information Initiative and The Foundry, a space for student teams to fabricate their projects.
monut:Monuts is a busy bakery and cafe located in Downtown Durham. It began as a donut stand operating off a tricycle near the Durham Farmer's Market in 2011 and has since grown into a bustling counter-service restaurant and bakery with a full menu of breakfast and lunch fare including soups, salads, sandwiches, and of course, donuts. 